feat(apprunner): add ObservabilityConfiguration for AppRunner Service (#30359)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-apprunner-alpha/README.md

  }),
});
```

## Observability Configuration

> To associate an App Runner service with a custom Observability Configuration, define `observabilityConfiguration` for the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To associate an App Runner service with a custom observability configuration, use the `observabilityConfiguration` property.
```
